java c
BEX 3000 - Professional Development for Business
Report
Target Company for S2 2024: Guzman Y GomezValueThe report accounts for 30% of your total marks for the unit. It is directly connected to the following assessment tasks:• Research Plan PresentationAssessment taskpurposeYou, as an external consultant, will write a 1000-word report for the Board identifying the 3 most important issues for the company going forwardbased on its Australian operations. These three issues must focus onthree different disciplines (e.g. HR, Marketing, Finance, Accounting). Your report includes evidence as to why these 3 issues have been chosen and why they require attention from top management (either because theyrepresent problems or opportunities for the company) . Your report will provide advice on what the company should do in order to improve inthese 3 key areas (or take advantage of the opportunities as identified), along with supporting reasons for the suggested courses of action.Learning Outcomes• Synthesise high quality industry information (reports, publications, statistics) to provide relevant business insights and make informed decisions• Analyse and evaluate business related inputs in order to identify areas of growth, differentiation and improvement• Communicate in written and verbal form. to produce professional artefactsYourassessment taskYour report should be concise and can be written, where beneficial, in dot points. It should have a professional design and layout that is tailored to its intended audience, the board.Text should be 12pt, double spaced and submitted as either a Word Document or PDF.Word Limit conditions1000 words plus an appendix. The appendix can be large. The appendix should be awritten document synthesising the main supporting ev代 写BEX 3000 - Professional Development for Business S2 2024Java
代做程序编程语言idence. While there is no minimum or maximum length for the appendix, itaround 5000 words is a guide as to what would normally be expected.Due DateFriday 11.55PM in Week 11Submission● Via Moodle Assignment Submission.● Turnitin will be used for similarity checking of all submissions.Assessment CriteriaYou will be assessed on your ability to demonstrate the following:- Analyse and evaluate of business-related inputs- Synthesize information- Produce professional communicationLatePenalties● 10% deduction per calendar day or part thereof for up to one week● Submissions more than 7 calendar days after the due date will receive a mark of zero (0) and may not receive assessmentfeedbackFeedbackFeedback will be provided on student work via:● general cohort performance● specific student feedback ten working days post submission
INSTRUCTIONS
You will carry out your research plan in order to submit a high-quality professional report to the board. Your research plan identified 5 key sources of information. You are expected to use these and additional sources of information you have researched. The SWOT analysis you did for your research plan presentation should also assist you to identify the three issues you will focus on in this report.
For each of the 3 issues you need to address:
-    What it is (either a problem or an opportunity)
-    What is causing it/ What its ramifications are, positive or negative (with evidence)
-    What are the next steps for the company to take?
Your report has a word limit of 1000 words +/-10%, however, you are able to include an appendix, and should reference it in your report.
It is expected you will include a reference list and in-text referencing as appropriate.

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
